in the morning breakfast club morning
everybody is dej envy Angela ye
Charlemagne the guy we are the breakfast
club we got a special guest in the
building us indeed dr. Claude Anderson
welcome sir well thank you all for
inviting me I'm glad to be here looks
like I'm in good company good morning
you know you've been a very requested
guess oh really oh yeah yeah people
always like you gotta have dr. Claude
Anderson on for years you know why I'm
in pain and Weldon asked you that that
willpower da mixes no power now is just
specifically dedicated to their trying
to inform black folk and trying to
elevate them to a higher level of
competitiveness in a society and
overcome the primary legacies of slavery
and centuries of Jim Crow semi slavery
in the South we're in a very dangerous
situation this country's black folk and
this next year gonna be our last year's
to get out of it so anybody is gonna be
all last year period I wouldn't doubt
that he's pretty close you're in a
you're in a very dangerous situation
laughter all my years in politics and
national politics and international
politics that's why I left
the government saying if somebody got to
get out here so our raising Cain on
behalf of black folk
what are you doing government huh what
did you do in government oh I was
assistant secretary United States
Department of Commerce the first black I
was also a chairman for Economic
Development for governors also I was
only black to be appointed to be over
the government's property disposal
program which means my signature along I
can get we all kind of federal property
anybody and also I was educated for over
the entire state of Florida education
system for about eight years and so I've
been around the barn
for a long time but but I've finally
dawned on me that somebody got to get
out here and start a raising cane on
behalf of black folk how do we how do we
catch up you know it was so far behind
how do we catch up to make sure that we
can play in the same game or even on the
same field well the first thing I to do
is go back and correct we've never done
in all my years in national politics and
international politics but most of the
people you all are very familiar with by
your name they never never never
addressed the primary problems of black
folk how primary problems not social
integration of civil rights the primary
problems you've never corrected the
legacies and burdens of slavery mmm see
the whole point of slavery was
do what they never asked that it was a
socially engineer black folk into the
lowest level of a real-life Monopoly
game and went which means that they
smell distributed almost 100% of all
this nation land resources rights
privileges businesses and controls of
all levels of government into the hands
of the dominant white society black folk
haven't got a snowball's chance they're
being competitive people you might
struggle from last another two or three
years it's gonna wipe you out pretty
soon you came out of slavery at 1868
having 1/2 of 1% of this nation's wealth
here 150 years later guess what you
still own one half of one percent of the
wealth and in the nation they were a
race based society is what you owned and
controlled and determines your equal
opportunities and your rights and
privileges
it's an enduring thing to do with civil
rights that's a waste of time doesn't
everything to do with the Voting but
that's an intellectual masturbation
process they are doing good what you
need is only control wealth and power
they said intellectual masturbation yeah
I heard you say that earlier or
something I was watching you said they
get off what it does nothing for you got
it down pat bro that's like head that's
like you starving to death somebody give
you a steak he's rub it outside your
stomach playing with black folks when I
left the president I was I ran a
campaign I guess well let me go back I
guess I've been very privileged in all
my years
no I'm 85 now so I reached a peak I
don't have killing anybody damn buddy
anymore man that's a beautiful you know
that's one of enrichments of age but um
I decided after all the years of playing
politics I guess I was privileged in the
sense of being the only black in the
nation ever was a campaign manager not
in a campaign but a campaign matters for
the governors for presidents for
attorney generals for state legislators
and congressmen no other blacks had that
I felt for that reason I had an
obligation to get out here do something
black folk and so I don't play in the
games with black folk I'm most friends I
know that you all probably have on your
shows while the air is trying to get
some self indictment elevation I don't
need it what do you think about Carmel
Harris and Cory Booker I know you said
voting is in a lot they're probably nice
people don't do this have a black fool
you say I haven't I have yet to this day
it ever heard a scene not one president
not one candidate for public office ever
get upset here's
we do for black vote that violates the
entire premise profit Ickx politics is a
process that decides who's gonna get
what benefits out of life it's based on
a very simple premise premise of quid
pro quo politics as you know it now
never existed about the 1500s and what
it says and it said we would determine
who gets what blessings and who gets who
who gets who suffers and so consequently
nobody's ever said sort of say here's
what black vote gonna get you talking
about the candidates at first say these
black folks should be asking it's not
what candidate you're gonna represent
are gonna vote for who cares what you
should be asking us what are you gonna
get what are you voting for why would
you ever get any change for your vote
that's why what do you get what are you
voting for what are you gonna get you
didn't get today I'm thinking why you
voting and see black and not one
candidate in all the years I ran
campaigns not one candidate or one
president at a one-party political party
now that the publican on a Democratic
Party Libertarian Party the Green Party
not one is ever promised that if I get
the black vote here's what i'ma do for
black folk it's the first years ever
happened and I think the only reason is
happening is because of all the hell
that's being raised on social media and
you know like a lot of times when these
presidential candidates come up here we
asked them specifically what is your
black agenda see you're right and what
did she say to you well I mean they all
have little things here and there the
only person I've seen have a real live
black agenda is mayor Pete he has the
Douglass plan which is based on
Frederick Douglass okay right and see
but most of them they can do is give you
that old game that they used while doing
I'm doing the formation of this country
in 1789 when they met up in Philadelphia
says we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
build this nation and we're gonna and
we're gonna create a document but it
make us the cradle of democracy there's
gonna be a constitution they said but it
and we're gonna make this and plant land
of opportunity and freedom for everybody
Yeah right okay so they met in
Philadelphia for a whole week you know
they did for a whole week they closed
the doors and put guards on the windows
in Philadelphia and said now we got it
we got to write this constitution but we
got a problem now we got we're gonna
offer this as a land of opportunity for
everybody it is inconsistent and
hypocritical for us to be getting ready
to his slave all these they're in black
folk people we're bringing into the
country it's how we're gonna get past
that they said well what we do
we run a game on them they've been
running at same game ever since what we
are doing in the Constitution we use
very broad and the biggest terms in
certain terms I have heard those broad
and big herbs turns would apply to
whites and certain apply to black folk
so the United States Constitution said
we the people all the people all God had
a god-given right to life lived in
pursuit of happiness initially what even
happened is really a property because
black folk gonna be property and so
that's that's what it was structured on
and they said what about black folk may
read the Constitution it's what we do
let's use other words let's use cold
words like uh those who indebted those
who are in bondage those who are
property those are three-fifths of a
human being
those who equal to a feel animal and our
people never figure that out so you got
all our our civil rights leaders running
around for years and what if a public
office like you're talking about
tomorrow we got rice you don't have any
rights in the Constitution there's no
rights for blacks in the Constitution
you got the your honor States
Constitution in 1789 was strictly the
first affirmative action plan in the
country strictly and solely for whites
hmm and those who laid on capacitor
whites that's what it's about black folk
are the only people in this country that
can't pass for white if not when I left
a quite house of President Carter and
since in 1970 the officer when I have
anybody says we're gonna now gonna make
everybody in here comes into country we
gotta start qualifying them as being
white if you up in tonight's like up to
1970s example Hispanics were always
white they were always whites but what
happened in 1970 I was over education
for the state of Florida at that time
and I have the dubious honor writing if
writing his second affirmative if second
firm attraction playing in United States
but the first one for black vote I wrote
the affirmative action plan was approved
by the governor and it's a cabinet
assistance but not and I didn't write it
for minorities and poor for those broad
terms when people of color and for
diversity and for gays and legend and
midgets and humpbacks and one-eyed
people I wrote a spic Li for black folk
so this is there any way that blacks can
correct the resource imbalance
yeah you can to see it you start playing
the game that's why my second book I
wrote I wrote the first book called
black labor white wealth and which
Magette calls the second Bible for black
folks around the world it sells all over
Europe and Africa that was it show you
every technique every trick every custom
every custom every policy that the major
white society use the lock black folk
into a lowest level of a real-life
Monopoly game and the male stripper
well destroy at all the resources period
the shoulders that in very graphic terms
I think you got to have a copy over
there bottom book ho there yes label
white well that's what that was for we
got dirty little secrets got more dirty
little secrets right okay thank you now
net and this is what they call it around
the world they call this the second
Bible for black folk it shows you
exactly what happened to you and that
you have no rights and this and power I
found that with power dynamics oh that's
behind you yeah and this one this is a
national plan what was a question you
just asked me I ran past it yes me how
do we catch up as well I you catch up
this show this is a national plan for
black folk it says the national plan to
empower black Americans period and what
your first thing got to do it make it
long story short you gotta you gotta
have what you never had in this country
that's a group self-interest you've been
inculcated and coordinated and
brainwashing and believe that you got
some obligation and responsibility to
save the world you got to save everybody
first before you save yourself now I'm a
pilot I don't fly anymore I'm too old to
be flying but one of the first thing I
would tell people on my plane is
passengers the first thing you do if we
lose cabin pressure and at 30,000 feet
we don't have any cabin pressure night
over 10,000 feet if you lose having
pressure a panel over your head will
fall down right but then mass falls down
the first thing you all should be doing
is putting the bass on yourself good try
to save everybody why he's always got
black folk marching trying to say it
we're marching for gays we're marching
for women we're marching for for poor
people we have Marsha for the
handicapped and yet you only control one
half of 1% of wealth you haven't got a
snowball's chance and in an end of
slavery as I said you had one half of
one percent guess what the average white
person that point time had thirty five
hundred times more wealth than average
black that means that 99% of everything
this country was in the white society
and is still in the white society
I don't care from from Vermont all the
way to California San Diego
98% of
everything of value is locked in the
white society 87% of its frozen locked
into whites that you can't get it out so
all you got to compete for is about 13%
is up for grabs
hmm and if black foe don't know how to
compete for that 13 that you are through
and right now that's that's what's
happening around the world you see all
these we can implode in this country
same thing happening now happening in
Germany but the Jews and there was a
book out called Hitler's willing
execution to say the same thing with
certain kind of things began to happen
to you as a group you better be very
careful and they wrote that as a big
thick book and about about what's gonna
happen that's it and they saw it
exterminating the Jews why because you
got a group now y'all don't know about
to call it the Council of 300 what they
want to do now to say we got too many
people on earth and we're gonna start
losing resources there won't be enough
resources left we got water who can have
water shortages coming and water
shortages come with follows that it's
food shortages right now 20% of world is
suffering from water shortages we're
gonna source having water shortages in
this country we have water shortage and
have food shortages so what the council
and all these the government all these
rich people nervous saying is that we
got to start getting rid of some of
these people we're gonna start with the
non producers now who the non producers
in America the only people in America
that produces absolutely nothing except
sweat is black for mean right now all of
our people that the Saudis successful
guess what only produces sweat it
running with balls football basketball
baseball tennis balls dance singing
dancing masseuses sweat nobody's buying
in the damn sweat and how you gonna feed
yourself we're gonna produce anything we
don't have any industries and we had a
has to get industries in 1720 the
Industrial Revolution went through
Europe blackfoot with slave when
American 1800s we were still enslaved we
own and control absolutely nothing you
don't think that's changing now a little
bit oh man no that's getting worse as a
matter of fact me let me give you a
difference right now we got all these
people that you're running for public
office talking about we got it we got a
we gotta go look for it or eradicate
poverty you can't how to eradicate
poverty poverty is a fixed it's a
and it's a given you cannot let Raticate
poverty why because like you can't
eradicate you got it up you got a down
you got an end you got an out that is a
fix you cannot change it it's something
I always got people when they Radek ate
poppy you what you should be saying and
leave popular long and go round and try
to figure out how to get black folks out
of poverty only trying to eradicate
poppy leave party alone to get blacks
out and see sarees well we're gonna what
we need to have more equality on a
race-based society you cannot have
equality is impossible hmm the whole
point of a race is a contest that's
right see a race it you don't know you
all go to the Kentucky Derby they try to
have all the horses being equal do you
know you're no one to win you see you
got it again you smart man you want to
see who comes in first second a place
right and so yeah it is we're gonna well
in a race based society why is it called
a race race is race never started never
existed on the earth until the 1500s see
and that's what it started with a race
that's where racism come from they
didn't pick racism just out of thin air
there's a social construct it's a social
construct
it's a social construct they started we
can start well what we're gonna do now
that Columbus discovered America do you
got in 1492 you got it we got a lot of
land over there's pretty much vacated
are vacant and and we got and we need to
go over there and try to get that land
and what they say they say well let's go
back how are we gonna do it then they
said well let's see back in about 14 by
14 46 we had a guy named Henry the
Navigator it went around the coast of
Africa and he picked up about 16 blacks
Africans and brought and brought him
back to you gave him to the Pope and the
Vatican and the Pope's were using slaves
and sort of so the Vatican use blacks of
slaves that was one of the first one
it's from about 14 46 up to about 14 88
in Pope Innocent came out said well you
know having these people as slave that's
a good thing
and so why is that important now because
you see the Fox channel be telling y'all
while blacks complaining about being
slaves we've always had slaves no you
have not
you may have had slaves but not based on
skin color and Pope Innocent came out
says in the future don't enslave it
about
based on a traditional manner you're
gonna say people for being either
prisoner war or for personal identity or
religious persecution he said let's skip
that night and save them based on skin
color that was her start that's her
triggered in 1488 so when Columbus
discovered America in 1492 boom he had
all this land over here in that
particular particular time excuse me
thank you yes sir in that particular
time you it was being decimated you it
was on a major problems the entire
European country was being decimated
with crime crime family diseases they
didn't know what to do in the late 14th
1400s and early 1500s and all of a
sudden a said you know since Pope
Innocent says that we got us some people
we can use now as slaves and we got a
take your time brother yeah we gotta
know your years you tell me a tale
people asking for you we got time okay I
don't I don't want to take up all your
time
ain't no way man come in here with the
signs oh I'm so when Columbus discovered
America he had all this land and Pope
innocents they use these people just
have our newest form of slavery no more
long no longer based on religion
personal indebtedness or prison of war
let's use them skin color and so about
1500 a weeks they use that and save
America so a racist started a race is a
contest that contest started between
nine European nations mmm Portugal they
all said let's get into contest so you
can go to the American said America's
first and capture all that land and
build it build wealth that's what he
came here for mm-hmm now you all get by
this stuff about me believing about to
constitute what we came here for
religious persecution about a came even
all day and religious persecution they
came here for happiness
nobody get on a damn boat to sail across
the Atlantic coming to America for
happiness then that's stupid they came
here for enrichment every tourist and I
mean our immigrant came America they
came here for personal enrichment that's
what they came here to get values
resources and they started bringing P so
all the goalies
countries were competing there try to
capture American Americas and build it
up for enrichment and that's what
happened when his own ate with Americans
when he got to America later on let me
jump up honey they said well we got all
this land now we got these people let's
draw the Constitution that's what it
could so dad's told you a few minutes
ago they met in Philadelphia says let's
take all this land
who's gonna create a document called us
the Constitution that was in 1789 we're
gonna ratify this and and we ratified
it's gonna be a social construct that it
brought here dis mentioned to you the
construct is that how're we gonna do
that
it's what at the top let's all the
Europeans that got money one invested in
United States they got rich people then
that would be the top scale they can
come to here and get all the land that's
Benjamin Franklin George Washington all
those guys and and yet Thomas Jefferson
they were wealthy people they said
underneath that that's the top level
underneath that we set up a management
class to bring in poor whites maybe the
management class and at the bottom we're
gonna bring in these blacks
they have to be managed and classify
them as property as non-citizens that
way they'd never get anything
we got them locked in box that's in the
Constitution and that's how he got you
the first thing they did the next year
in seventeen ninety one ninety nine and
one they passed the first immigration
laws is let's bring in all these poor
people this is a nation and immigrant
nation is formation for whites only and
black folk you are not citizens you have
no entire limits no rights and no
privileges and nothing everything we put
into the hands of the dominant white
society why is it expected for black
wolf to drop in the future Oh for a
certain reason because increasingly they
know it's your own own anything wealth
creates wealth wealth creates wealth and
what are you talking about slavery
what Black's black backs don't having a
wealth was because they took twice
captures your wealth labor is wealth
labor you can't have wealth without
labor that's the point I wanna bring to
you you send possible to hell wealth
without labor and so so when it's
someone it's only fifteen hundreds they
say well what we're gonna do we're gonna
all in this race now we're going to
compete between it the French the
Germans the British the Spanish Spain
we're gonna go to America we're gonna
compete to get the resources and
sedateness and they said let's take this
so what is we're gonna come up with a
new thing called capitalism capitalism
came out of the land and the Pope
Innocent thing about slavery it's saving
to go to America so here's what you're
gonna do practice capitalism that means
owning the land the tools the resources
and using someone else's labor to enrich
yourself you understand I'm saying and
since black folk black folk could enrich
themselves everybody else came to
country enrich themselves off a black
folk they took your labor from you and
then everybody became rich for it and
that's why in the state when slavery
ended as I said a few minutes ago the
average white person eight thirty five
hundred times more wealth than blacks so
how do we catch up now how do we make
sure that we can at least catch up on on
the financial freedom as much as you
asked bro you asked yourself a good
question you should be running for
office instead of Booker and you're
right on target no you do it you start
in the book cause I save it in my books
first thing you get you gotta you jump
to things they took from you and slavery
took two things from you got a key to
get into the points y'all won how you're
gonna solve it one they stripped you of
your wealth your labor was your wealth
you never gain anything from it they got
it captured and spread it around and
that's like in resources where it says
land everybody coming to the country got
land but you as a race when they say
we're gonna build we're gonna start
building wealth based on land
and George watched it when the first one
says with you're gonna be at all the
welcome to be in the land I will 100,000
acres of free land and then Jeff Thomas
Jefferson said well you give he's gonna
get 100,000 acres of free land I want
100,000 acres of free land in Patrick
Henry's you all read about your history
book it said give me liberty give me a
lesson deaf he also said he'll give me
some land I'm on 65,000 it's a free land
and so what the white society did while
blacks were being enslaved then they
gave every per every immigrant coming to
country he soon as his foot hit the
ground he picked up over 750 acres of
free land pray for immigrant they meant
in it for every
lately only got another 150 acres of
free land and so it's well after about
it after so after about a hundred years
this country are giving away over two
billion they gave way to billion acres
of free land to immigrants now that and
why is it and that's where your wealth
is now in that in that land not only
value the land but in that land where
they have they got timber gold chrome
magnesium gold silver oil the resources
resource unit that's the resources
blacks don't have the resources so when
you came and say I want 40 acres and a
mule it's you gotta you be gotta be
crazy not give you for taking me we just
gave it okay just gave way to billion
but I'll give you anything
another Europeans came in about the same
time with 1862 they gave this way and
y'all the newcomers you're gonna get 150
and coming from Europe you cross it
across the Mississippi River to develop
the Western countries they gave away
they gave away 20 they gave me 20 and 24
hours they gave way over 2 million acres
of free land they gave every day started
the railroad lines 11 railroad lines it
gave them 24 million they could free
land but blacks never got in the land so
what we're gonna do now to play it again
get to play the game he asked you a
question we got to go for resources but
the two things that are hurting us we
don't have any resources because they
stole that the second thing you don't
have they they stole your social
cohesiveness
you mean far like unity a group
operation okay they did not allow you to
play the game to be together come
together that was a threat it's
intimidating it's intimidating they're
in slavery it's intimidating right now
for black folks start talking about
coming together because the views I mean
from what you said if you got 13% of
whatever we're fighting over maybe seem
like it's not enough everybody that's
right I don't know in the sense of
survival of the fittest
who is survival of the fittest and the
strongest and so it and here's what he
made the biggest mistake they took black
folks black folk a mislaid the wrong way
went into social integration rather than
trying to get their resources they don't
have to try to get resources
well when dr. King was pivoting to go
get them resources that's when they
killed that's right it but and that's
why did you hit that point say it again
dr. King was pivoting from civil rights
and you know civil liberties to go get
their money
that's when they killed him he is
organizing the Poor People's Campaign
that's right yeah that killed him him
because you know why because Martin
Luther King right before he got
assassinated three months ago that you
know what he said to the country he said
I goddamn it he's that thing I made a
big mistake yeah he sounds like I've led
black folks into a burnin the moon you
remember that and because he says
there's no you can't say you cannot have
social integration unless you have
economic integration you cannot have
economic integration unless you do what
unless you redistribute somebody's
resource into the hands of black folk
and that's when they killed him yes sir
living a turn it loose what did you
think of Barack Obama being president
but Brock Obama is a joke
Barack gonna do a darn thing for black
folk matter of fact he hurt black folk
in two ways first of all he had eight
years to do something black vote but he
carefully indigenously involved and and
judiciously evolved or to do anything
for black folk and most of my white
friends told me in politics and I was
always at present governor's they say
hell we were never voted for Obama if we
known black but he's gonna do something
black folk we knew he would never do
anything for black folk and so but
that's the first thing he never did it
they for black folk but he but he used
that old thing that they did and back in
Philadelphia in 1789 he is very broad in
vigorous terms I'm gonna I'm the
president of all the people they got a
dick they say they like to say a rising
tide lifts all boats that's a stupid
thing yeah cuz the black come like who
vote got a hole in it that's right it's
in the bottom of damn yeah hey but but
but black vote well if a rising tide
lifts all boats if a rising tide lifts
all boats why isn't all these immigrants
coming here and building industries and
businesses and blacks were slaves why
did why didn't they rise because they
were excluded black people are outside
and underneath the system you're outside
underneath the system and so it's Orton
and they don't let you come together and
together you know how they stopped even
coming together since they wouldn't let
you coalesce doing slavery they'd come
up this whole concept called social
integration social integration is a
divisive issue it divides you it doesn't
pull you together
it's a weakening process you're gonna
say what I'm saying bro
it weakens you if I put a cup of coffee
right now in front of you and pour cream
in it do I make it stronger yeah
know that they're right so Blackfoot
went for social integration I've always
asked do I has integration help to harm
the black community I now get home
knocked the black folks brains out
black folks head up a hundred times more
the full social integration hit yeah I'm
old enough to tell you all that y'all
not old enough to know the idea mm-hmm
when I was a kid see we had something we
didn't have it we didn't have a
resources we need it as much as we need
it but we had something we had one of
the things that's key to get to your
question about where do we start
we had communities we had communities
all over America in every city every
city had a major community here
Harlem places like that we had our
communities we didn't have everything we
wanted but it's ours you only hear about
black walls Creed you sometimes you get
about bronze Brownsville in Chicago I
can't remember the town in North
Carolina but we don't hear about that
they were literally those communities
all over the country well sweet Alban
and Atlanta Georgia everything else had
all the big hotels fine restaurants and
everything in North Carolina what you
talk about now see I grew up in what's
the sale North Carolina let me use that
as an example I grew up in winston-salem
North Carolina and we that we were
looking for this social integration you
know why because we had our own
businesses there being our own
businesses I had to be my family was
part of one had to only a black bus
landing in the entire United States the
only black bus line and I said we had a
bus line I'm not talking about two or
three buses we had over 500 buses Wow
and what's the same North Carolina and
guess what we we had that from 1927 up
to about 1967 we had a listen we also
had our own cab companies their own
restaurants it all hotels their own
school systems and then the bus lines an
example we don't kill our buses or
social integration when all of a sudden
you also are talking about Rosa Parks
and Martin Luther King going down
Alabama
want to integrate the bus lines
integrate whose bus lines white bus
lines but then whatever they want they
want to own and control to get the
resources they just want to sit on the
front of it yeah now what kind of like
you tell me what does that indicate now
if you want to get on a bus and what you
want to do is just want to sit on the
front of it now the bus is moving
then the back of the bus would be aware
the front of us abou in a fraction of a
second and everybody gets off at the
same time and so what's the sailing we
had our own buses and so when that
movement was was successful to him
Alabama came up to winston-salem and
black City muscle cell says we want to
ride on fronts of white buses so we said
we don't have any white buses
he said well get some so we can ride on
in front of him I feel like a complete
asshole because I never thought about
that like that whole time they did the
boy cut they should have been trying to
establish their own bus company should
oppose the one the ride I never thought
about that y'all boycott oh yeah just
want a ride on the front see you're
smart man sit on the front of the back
field and our safe bus coming
SAF you you go to your computer find out
about the safe bus company what's the
sale see we we own the buses we only
resource it we all of our mechanics with
blacks all of our drivers with blacks
electricians black everything was black
and and so it is four wheels one ride on
in front of their buses we had two cab
comes in winston-salem guess what as a
resource wise had three cab companies
only had two cab comes there the blue
bird and the yellow cab
we had the Harris and the camera City
cabs but guess what but that integration
movement started what they want to do
blacks they want to ride black cabs in
the more they want to ride in the white
cabs mm-hmm and whistle sailing we had
we had our own movie theaters we had we
had to Lincoln and Lafayette lives a
Lincoln and Lafayette theater in every
major city it made every black community
America hmm but and why say they had
they had three movie theaters there the
far sight that Carolina and state
theater
we didn't care but we had our own movie
theaters and so guess what blacks didn't
want to go to the white black theaters
and wonderful to the white theaters we
swear white ice is cold
sheared in any man I believe this if I
saw that happened in West though I'll
jump off what I was talking about like I
was in Tallahassee Florida give him a
speech down there and I'm said on a
street corner talking to black
real-estate developer today I'm talking
to him and I would notice across the
street there's a
I got on the grocery store over there
and the guy pulled up like we're talking
we're just watching like they're talking
now and he pull up went over to the
party net by that grocery store went
over to the ice machine opened up the
ice ice a container pull out a bag of
ice looked at the ice and rolled it
around looked at it and put it back into
the into the machine and then he turned
right around his car backed it up and
came right across the street while we
were the thing called Jack's liquor and
when it got out his car went into the
ice machine same company same I am owned
by the same company nice if she's owned
by the same you went in there looked at
and rolled around took him one in about
it and I said I haven't seen that before
I said now when he come down my ass
that's the kind of servant me ask you
this question I said why is that you
would not buy the ice nice machine over
there with the black grocery store but
you came over here to Jack's liquor and
bought the ice that's why'd you buy it
over here he's all I don't want to buy
mr. waves ice over there he said I don't
like his ice it's too lumpy white ice is
smoother mercy I know why I still be
cold but now I find it smoother lord
have mercy
let me ask a question when all that was
going on in a Montgomery when they was
boycotting the buses and y'all own 500
buses you ever say hey let's go going on
there and set up shop or you know send
them some buses no no no without that
bus a bus comes all about we're about a
partnership about three three or four
black families okay and they were just
struggling just trying and now that they
were not that sophisticated try to
interfere mm-hmm and because blacks in
those days were independent we stayed on
an independent section no but our bus
lines were very effective we were proud
of them proud of riding Black Caps and
but black folks just never learned
importance of owned and controlling so
there might be a question again I keep
deviating so you have to apologize
did you put it all again you know is
that is that you got to have it you got
a only get first you got to go after
resources but you got to come together
first and you got to develop a sense of
cohesiveness and your sense of
cohesiveness should be based around your
strongest I did
vacations medic appears which is your
skin color hmm your greatest your
greatest common ally is not what school
you went to what neighborhood you lived
in who your parents were how much money
you have
that's not your greatest commonality is
racing coming Ally it's your skin color
mm-hmm
so you should be saying we got to come
together as a team why because doctors
have told us that racism is a team sport
mm-hmm
you either play as a team or you lose by
default you got enough sense if I didn't
play as a team on a basketball court or
or football Kawachi play as a team as a
race so we have to saw playing as a team
now once you start learning to play as a
team what's the next thing you must get
next thing you must get is established
some turf must say I must have a turf to
operate on a in real estate land that's
right
since they would not give you the 40
because you have no turf you had a
community script that and that's why the
1950s we just started talking about
social integration they finally came on
a concept called black removal they used
in 1956 Highway Act to drive an
expressway through every black community
in America and and destroyed it you're
gonna find the old black communities in
America go find the expressway it went
right through it mmm and so that ran
black folks Oh white why because white
folks could be hitting that could get in
at an expressway and get to a new thing
they built called suburbs we never had
suburbs before but if suburbs came out
of fact or whites one to get away from
blacks and blacks what is socially
integrate and so why should we abandon
these black folks move to the suburbs
and take all of the white with us
resources we're taking we're taking all
the industries and factories and
automobile dealerships to banks the
culture the money the wealth the power
and rege located in the suburbs and we
have stripped these urban areas so these
black probably come in and they can run
and they came running urban city you
can't run Detroit Chicago st. Louis
Philadelphia you can't run it because
you want you won't be in the resources
available to you and so when the white
folks say you are which small never to
run a city actually I always let the
city run now no they ran it down for you
they portray you as a father called
Bert's
feels scorched earth policy mmm say we
leave here we've taken everything out
and only resources that they'll have is
with
drugs that we put here that's right the
guns that we put here that's right
yesterday we have to resort to crime and
violence to survive
you're a smart man again you know why
see see what what but most of all civil
rights leaders don't understand our
elected officials understand there's
only three things that a black person
can do to earn a living only three
things you need to have a business up
here of job at the top you don't have
that you go down to the second level
second level you're going some kind of
social services who sends welfare a
public housing you don't have that you
must go to the last level which commit
crime mm-hmm and you saw a black person
once have a combination sophistication
or elaboration of three things welfare I
mean jobs business going down to crime
and when they did that they divide that
up white crime would be called civil
crime black crime we called blue collar
crime blue collar crime you go to jail
white collar crime you go into the
criminal courts what do you think what
do you think about the conversation that
they're having about reparations now
well I've spent about 60 years there so
books for most that most of most of that
dialogue is being generated by my books
hmm and but unfortunately most of the
people now they're trying to latch on to
the reparation movement don't know what
the hell they're talking about
mmm it johnny-come-lately a claim
jumpers they won't jump in on their own
a movement just to get their name in the
paper they don't have a plan about what
they're gonna do for reparations but
black folk entitled reparations you had
a chance against some of it let me let
me go back in history again see I've
told you an effort you got to most
people don't know it's but you got two
constitutions you got the first
constitution of 1789 that's it to one
through twelve Amendment and those are
members gave Weiss everything they
needed
that's why white folk didn't have all
these in Hemel didn't they didn't have
any big demands other than what was in
the Constitution so from 1789 up to 1860
that cut the first constitution was in
effect two amendment one through 12 but
what happened after that was that in
1857 go back about three years you had a
black man went to court called Dred
Scott yes he went to court try just try
to get some freedom based on the fact
he moved across state lines out of the
south he thought it was to be free and
went to court the finalists court
Supreme Court ruled against him and said
no you get out free way he's a white and
it's basically because in this country
because you're considered to be property
your property in the Constitution you're
probably a citizen you're not non
citizen in the Constitution you have no
rights you have no rights so therefore a
black person has no rights that a white
person is bound to respect and that was
in 1857 so when the Civil War was over
after a civil war was over what they
wanted to do you had some yes some like
Republicans liberal once said we got to
go back and give a black folks something
you got to give him something and so
they say let's put there we got sort of
second constitution the 13th 14th and
15th amendment and the civil rights laws
constitute a second Constitution United
States 99 and a half for Senate all the
people America don't understand that mmm
you understand you got two constitutions
the first Constitution was the one to do
it
1789 all the way up to the members went
through 12 13 14 and 15 some images that
was written strictly and solely for
black folk but I never had any black
folks yet the Harrison is Booker's that
running for office they don't understand
that mm-hmm
that they should be fighting saying we
got two constitutions if I get elected
to public office I'm gonna go back and
go back to that second Constitution and
try to get those things that was set
aside for black folk and what was that
the Radical Republicans says that in
1860 in the United States Congress that
in this in this nation black folk can
either be one or two things you're gonna
be slaves they're gonna be free to be
free in America is black people
you must minimally have 40 acres of them
you that's $100 that's what they're
saying came from you must have 40 acres
of mewling $100 and but what happened
after that was said then you had you
didn't you had the guardians of racism
kill it United States Supreme Court is a
guardian of racism the Supreme Court is
my primary purpose is to make sure
nothing changes racial racial issues in
America that's why the race a Supreme
Court has never never never ruled
effectively to the benefit of black folk
and so as soon as they got fully enacted
a 13th amendment the 14th amendment and
the 15th amendment and the civil rights
laws and as civil rights law says that
black folk must have certain benefits
they set up freedmen banks and
everything else but United States
Constitution came in and killed it
Supreme Court came in and killed it you
ever heard of what's called period of
reconstruction me you know
reconstruction laws between 1865 was a
ten-year period between 1865 and 1875 it
was called reconstruction now what I
tell black folk is that you should be
saying why did they call it a
reconstruction it was reconstruct but
reconstruct reconstruct we can start
with me if I reconstruct the first
Constitution was a social construct that
locked you into the bottom barrel
permanently reconstruction that took
place between 1865 lady said in fact
says redo the thing get black for my
chance and it was it's sort of going on
forever but but you have to say Supreme
Court jumped in and killed it in 1875 it
only lasted ten years they came and said
no we doesn't get black folk anything
set them free with no land or rights or
privileges no tools no animals or house
no homes no an organization no education
no animals nothing and telling a root
hog or dying mmm and that's why is why
Trump right now is stacking your courts
with the conservative Supreme Court just
over 160 that's right you realize that
yeah what I'm sorry say it again other
people haven't even realized that 160
lifetime federal judges he's appointed
that's right some of the most racist
bigoted bastard you have call me right
with that that's why see what they don't
stand in the Supreme Court the first 87
reversed 50 cm Supreme Court justice
where slave owners did you know that no
sir you got brothers first 57th slave
owners and the other six of sevens about
another six or seven been white racist
that's why right now you got a Supreme
Court sitting there with nine people on
it what they're telling you is that
justice in America for black folk can
only be seen through the eyes of whites
hmm you can't see it otherwise it'd only
be swai you got nine people on a Supreme
Court you got nine people you got nine
White's there one pretending is trying
to be black
a clear thump Clarence Thomas but that
but now I never take up any issues for
Blackpool let's go to let's go to the
left lower level federal courts
I don't know I'm running past my time
now you're good okay let's go to the
federal courts Hannah this Trump have
been in office he's put in about forty
seven federal judges mm-hmm okay no more
than 160 okay I don't keep track now
think about that between I've been
giving you a lot of dates the
Constitution 1789 remember that hmm up
from 1789 are we up to 1948 the United
States don't know how many federal
judges they appointed during that period
fourteen hundred federal judges between
1789 and 1948 but I say 1948 there's the
first time they appointed a blacks to a
federal judgeship all the federal judges
were whites now 1948 now between 1948
and up to about 1990 1980 still a point
at that point they put in about another
thirty they put in thirty black judges
now when I'm in the White House with
President Carter and that time Strom
Thurmond was over the Judiciary
Committee for for the Republican Party
now that's a cracker
that's a cracker ass crack I'm from
South Carolina's I'll get no worth them
and that's why I was born in South
Carolina so he comes up to me and I told
you a few minutes ago I was older
property disposal program I had full an
authorization I'm the only black in the
history of the nation had full
authorization to give away federal
property as a black man all indeed was
my signature I had 45 people on my staff
down in Charleston South Carolina I
could sit him out whatever they want
strong Thurman came to me said doc
Tennyson I need some things in South
Carolina's what do you want he's at
least a couple of bulldozers I think is
about 10 or 20 Quonset huts some other
things on there they said can you help
me ask you I can help you I can take
care of that I said by the same token
I'm the only black up here I says I'm a
chairman I'm the chairman for economic
development and I'm and I'm assistant
secretary in commerce and I'm over this
program you and I gotta have a little
quid pro quo he said what do you need I
said I want me I was
some black federal judges he said
wouldn't you tell me what you got and I
get it for you
ice I'm on three at least three right
now I want to make black federal judges
I said I'm gonna put LC Hastings out of
Broward County I want em to be a federal
judge that's everyone's Judge Joe
hatchet out of Jacksonville Florida I
wanted to be a federal judge another
black guy out of San Diego I wanted to
be a federal judge and so strong
thermostat you got it
now here here's the air irony there now
the appointed from 1948 up at that point
in time you've had about 30 black
federal judges how is it that Claude
Anderson can get three federal judges
you have 46 million black vote they
couldn't get a damn thing nearly in
politics social you see I'm saying civil
rights leaders they like they not asking
see that's my point
they don't demand a damn thing and so
going back to your question you had
never Lee the things he started
demanding and the first thing you should
be demanding is what they didn't do this
during a civil rights movement they
should have gone back in 1960s instead
of talking about social integration
their money thank you economic
empowerment in economics that's right
you should have said it hold it hold on
I told him that time never had a big
March in Detroit Michigan down I don't
Don whip it from Jefferson Avenue down
to Wayne State University and they're
gonna march down there and Martin Luther
King was leading that and Malcolm X was
there too
that time he was I was opposed to it
that's what he's trying to do well we
want to go out here integrate the
suburbs I said if weif wouldn't we got
we're 51% of population in Detroit why
do you want to go out to the white
suburbs let him go out there to stay out
there no that's not right we got to
integrate it and so you have a march
they the first thing he talked to is
Malcolm X they said in the newspaper
says Malcolm what do you think about
this this march down Woodward Jefferson
down at Wayne State University to
integrate subbers in Martin Luther King
I mean a Malcolm says what March he said
that March 9 for the coming down he he's
that's not a margin so the newspapers of
what is it he says a damn parade he said
like in a good parade you got a bunch of
clowns
front leaning mm-hmm he said it says
known and said don't integrate don't
integrate these communities leave black
folk intact that's why I know Arabs know
Asian or Hispanic snow is a nobody is
coming to America trying to social
integrate the black folk
that's always been a know why we doe
nation Islam always like let's build our
own thank you for self let's say black
folk I just got to be with somebody else
and see an and so on and the conclusion
of this is that is that that I gotta get
your point I gotta go back this I keep
leaving it first you build these
communities right now we do not have not
one single black community in America
not one you it's impossible feed players
community means you got a team people
got mutual understandings interests and
direction and plans you don't have it
you have not one black community in
America all you got a black
neighborhoods a neighborhood it's where
you eat and sleep a hotel is a
neighborhood a neighborhood is like
having a bucket would hold it you pour
in water and it runs out there's no
effect and in somebody's neighborhoods
has gotten so bad now they're not even
neighborhoods the more crime has gotten
so high they ran a neighbor out all you
got left is a hood right that's why they
call it the hood nothing left in there
they don't have in the communities they
have a community must have three
elements they beat maker community
qualify as a community you must have a
wholly independent economic structure
that can produce jobs services goods
products and resources for your own
people to the second thing you must have
in there he must have a code of conduct
saying this is where how we're gonna
behave here's how we're gonna love and
support each other
here's I'm gonna get a get along here's
why when I go to the breakfast club
I'm a love and respect those blacks on
them appreciate them care about them
protect them and lastly you must have
politicians elected office who is to
represent you first and foremost you're
gonna put black folk in public office
there look out for everybody that's
before they look out for you if you
don't have those three things you don't
have a community or you got our
neighborhoods and that's what we got in
to cut with no neighborhoods and once
you get that neighborhood then you go to
aniseh third go to an assess five-story
building and that's how you get your
wealth and power to go back to my
friends they what's the shuttle man
channel mean like telling me is an issue
question now you got to go back in that
community
and do what I told you in my books you
must build a five-story building he
wants to get a community that's your
platform that's your baseline because
you got turf and territory it's like
building a house now you got something
situated on you can't build a house with
nothing
you got s it has to be structured on
something and once you be able to have
Foundation and community now the first
thing you work on is economics you
started practicing group economics in a
vertical order practice in group
economics making your money bounce in
your own community is 8 to 12 times who
are leaves spend your money with your
own people first buy for the only people
first that so you get an economy going
in your community buying your own
people's product service and good like
you do in Chinatown in other town
Mexican town and once you get that
economy going then what you didn't you
get the profits come in the resources
the money coming in from your from your
economy then you go to the second floor
the second floor is politics our people
got that backwards they want to get into
politics before to get an economy back
was this hill you make it in the
government you wanted politics is the
second floor I learned that before I ran
campaigns when I was an officer two
presidents okay it won't work you build
you get a politics at the second floor
and don't worry about voting voting is a
material vote is a game it's a form of
entertainment so when when you get to
the second floor you take the money that
you get from the first floor and you buy
this second floor you buy every
politician you buy every politician with
the money you made on the first floor
so should we vote at all I'll tell you
that in one second if you got enough
money you have got enough money to buy
them then you rent or lease them okay
so you get what you want make them do
what you want to do and then then you
make those politicians then go to the
third floor the third floor is your
political if it's your court system your
police system and make those politicians
on the second floor control the
politicians or quit shooting Black Keys
on the street hmm and mistreating and
Kevin beaten black vote you control the
court system so they won't be getting
didn't forty years in jail first from
her marijuana and all that kind of stuff
you got it so second floor controls your
third floor your courts control your
judges and stuff just I'm talking about
with Trump and all that then the fourth
floor what you get into you get into you
get in is media
you take your money off the first floor
you buy media you got about 12,000 radio
station United States
Blackfoot down at 12,000 black folks it
owns a major Porsche at least 15% of
them
you got you got 12 you got 12,000 cable
system blacks alone in basically none of
Holly you have 5,000 daily newspaper
them alone the damn daily newspapers you
got 5,000 TV stations blacks might have
won some places two of the best you
don't own a your other words black folks
own 35,000 of 1% in media hmm you don't
know media you can't communicate you
can't organize you can't motivate and so
so you got it so that so that's the
structure if you want to play if you
want to build your wealth and power
that's how you do it
you spend you in and once you build ups
build that economy spend your money with
your own people make it balanced eight
to ten towns in this country right now
Hispanics let's take a Hispanics
Hispanic bounce their money on an
average of six or seven time in Mexican
time lulav a de little Cuba white folks
typically balances their money 8 to 12
times area of land in Arabs in Asia's
balance their money about 13 or 14 times
Jews bounce that money about 18 times
black money doesn't bounce once soon as
a black person gets paid he runs
straight to somebody else's business and
giving their money that means they go
they go bankrupt every night every black
neighborhood goes bankrupt every night
at seven o'clock say he's bankrupt until
next morning when a white man is
somebody else's closed the doors
they go bankrupt but we overcome it
we're progress in wait where's the
progress of someplace well oh we got
social progress let me jump back to that
two seconds
I wasn't born in South Carolina let me
show how they got off-track hmm
I still got time okay let's go back to
South Carolina South Carolina Clinton
South Carolina way back in 1948 they
filed a lawsuit you know why I guess the
county and state because they were not
appropriating the resources in McLennan
South Carolina strong strong thermos
territory
it wasn't appropriating anything and so
for the average black here they put in a
dollar 50 cents for a black child go to
school
on an average but why Kia they were
getting 12 to 13 dollars to go to school
and so there was a missed appropriation
mallas distribution of the other money
just to go to school
dollar black kids get dollar half white
kids get 12 or 13 dollars that was the
first thing white kids are riding in
school on buses black kids walk this no
mud rain anything bushes to get to
school teachers getting some black
teachers get something like six or seven
dollars a week pay check white kid
teachers getting some like 25 or $30 a
foot for they getting paid everybody and
we went to school guess what all the
best materials a black child got to
school in McClinton South Carolina he
spent the first week of school with big
art government races cleaning up the
books and materials because white send
all the over used materials over to the
black schools and just spend your whole
day whole first week taping up the pages
in the book cleaning them up wiping them
down getting all the trash off of him
the gum the food and everything else we
got to hand-me-downs white kids got all
the new equipments when we went to
school we walked past the white schools
guess what white schools had tennis
courts when I went over the black
schools hey they had to pose with a
piece of wire between it for tennis
court white school had swimming pools we
know we did we had to go down to dam up
the creeks we swam into creeks by
damming up the creeks to swimming in
we're swimming holes white kids got
everything so what the Clinton South
Carolina parent black pair of saying is
that we want equal resources we want
resources that's why I focused on this
as a as a forensic historian we wanted
resources we don't give a damn I nothing
else that was thought that lawsuit was
filed about 1948 it bounced around and
finally got to the Supreme Court by 1953
and 54 at that point in time is the
Supreme Court here comes the
n-double-a-cp and uh what they wanted to
do there was was to say well let's have
social integration the rat rather than
redistribution of the resources and that
way it's we don't want anything black
anymore
let's get rid of all the black schools
let's get rid of everything black and so
that's how the social great integration
replace what black for Warner was
desegregation stopped using government
to mistreat us and hurt us and mail
distribute to wealth and when I took
over education for the state of Florida
I took over education I asked to the
Department of Education I asked the
Department of Education what are you
gonna do for social integration mean to
you in Florida what he gonna do with the
schools in Florida they said doc that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna close
out all the black schools we're gonna
fire the black teachers fighting black
councilors viola black administrators
bus 75% of the black kids into white
schools and put the other 25 or so in
the black school black kids in the
special education classes I said that's
the ps90 fight here comes some of the
civil rights organizations doctors you
were interfering with social with a
social integration I don't give a damn
about social integration that's a
negative but anyway I just wanna get
that point out what was the fifth fifth
floor I think I might have missed that
okay economics politics politicians
media education education all right and
again fifth floor was education and here
again not and based on my collective
experiences I got to hell I got six
college degrees and all been all levels
of government for the highest to the
lowest international politics head of
trade missions and third world countries
I said black folks should understand
education is the last thing
education is a tool just like a hammer
of Sol but you got you got to have an
economy to be able to use it that's why
these black kids go get a damn degree
they can't get a job in the black
community they gotta go back to a white
community somebody else's community
until somebody else's business and ask
for a job and once you do that white
people places a value on your what your
education is worth mm-hmm that's why I
go past McDonald's and Burger King got
black kids there with master's degrees
hmm mopping floors and working as clerks
degrees high Scholars degrees in Burger
King's and McDonald's Johnson I'm sayin
because they gotten they've got master's
degrees that they mastered nothing and
so because because we don't have an
economy
you see when a kid graduate from school
the first thing you do he should be able
to go back to his own community and so
our building businesses industries and
drawing money into his community and
holding it and see the Asians learned
that way back and they learn it very
quickly that's why they come in they
figure about after fifth year in college
in school I mean I'm a graduate a little
degree they work at a job two or three
jobs by five years by the sixth year
they can have their own factories and
industries businesses that's why one out
of every Asian has a business one out of
every 35 White's have a business every
53 when I have every 53 his Hispanics
have a business only one out about 105
blacks have a business and well we
appreciate you joining us in this great
conversation listen we dr. Clark on all
it is work if you need it Black Label
y12
more dirty Lord get the camera on this
David dirty little secrets we got the
camera black Rita mm-hmm you got it if
you want to get more from dr. Claude
Anderson he got plenty information to
give you and say well I wanted on those
books I wrote those books for a very
specific reason and I need help from you
all I can't get them into the school
system really yeah because it's sitting
every state has a book selection
committee it's all white and why it's a
basically homicidal not suicidal anger
but no thank you you know blacks out of
practice group economics yeah and so and
even in the black college campus you're
gonna guess who Barnes & Noble head of
all the bookstores on a black college
campus is owned by White's book select
committees all whites I go on Alabama is
a doctor we love you but we only got one
black book in the whole state of North
Carolina through the Bible yeah that's
one book but don't have one copy of that
and hold him and university Kevin Lee
get one in and I said I want my books in
all the charter schools and public
schools they can't get them in there how
can they reach you if they wanted me to
have uh I need y'all to make it happen
y'all y'all this race can say hey
there's no way where's Marcus Garvey and
and Malcolm X Academy's
they were using the dirty little secrets
and books there hmm
see these dirty little secrets books
here yes sir yeah see these two books
they're over 1000 1000 short stories
factoids in here about things that
people never do about black folk but
black folk achievements
they show you that nothing on this earth
and in the United States has happened
that black folk did not either cause or
not indirectly involved in so this right
in time for Black History Month that's
right February they should have all that
evening that's right but they got they
got a group called sitting gate that
controls what goes into black college
campuses and then uh and see I had two
radio stations but I'm right now I'm
involved in anymore
I need somebody like you all said know
how black kids either have a better
understanding of history absolutely
y'all understand I know y'all don't want
to do that I got my man Steve Perry he's
over a charter school my homegirl Stacy
shells he's a superintendent in and
Chicago you know I mean so yeah
definitely definitely reach out okay can
I count on you all that just raise them
he'll demand something you all radio
gonna start and we're gonna need you to
come up here more frequently it's gonna
be black black educators watching this
right now saying yes we need those books
that's right thank you until ten black
he is editor right now step nine it was
up into 1948 no white author would put
anything about blacks in books wouldn't
do it that's why I will not Zaman all
the books and say to Florida I said you
got to change this that's why I filed a
I got lawsuits right now 1866 Indian
treaties I found out most likely to know
that those Indian treaties or for black
folk and even Obama every years in
office he called 564 white India Chiefs
that come to the White House give them
everything they want is that why you use
the term Native blacks
that's why African American that's right
native legs you know and and I love I
won't I want to help all blacks on earth
but if you don't use the word Native
blacks you shoot yourself in the head
you guys you because you know because if
you say African American the first human
beings came out of Africa
anybody on earth that comes to America
isn't african-american you can be white
come from you at tomorrow you're an
african-american that means total sense
and seeing as the first thing that hurts
it so you can't that's a very very broad
term who's an african-american
intubating mean african-american okay
secondly why is black Native American
importance because because this nation
owes black for 98% of all the black
people in America were here before
ninety percent of all the other people
have arrived hmm
like those native blacks and the reason
I said native because they took him out
of Africa they stripped him of their
African s they make they did they took
away their names everything their
culture the history and they have a
seasoning process for slave 3 months it
was it break him in to being a slave
that he could no longer be identified
with African anything he was just black
period but seeing and so the government
right now owes black people native
blacks they don't know African inlet I
don't know what anyone I think they were
African thing if you say you're an
African American I say I don't know we
never slaved in Africa we a slave some
blacks we got in here but they weren't
Africans we stripped them of an African
ism and the last thing your blackness is
your honor your culture your history
that's right show you something it's
your experience that's right we had a
very unique experience it makes us
exceptional people that's why I say it's
a privilege to be black that's right so
honored to be in this Mel that's right
you used and you just tell long as you
live you remember me telling you in a
statement that you are special people
nobody's been mistreated maltreated like
you all now any image Camus culture has
never been subjected to what 460 years
where black folk was subjected to
don't say you see one of the biggest
lies being told is that you know we're
all together and we are and everybody
comes to America has contributed equally
to the development of the nation that's
a lie black folk wouldn't what it wants
economic engines they drove the
developments nation you don't want to
built the bridges the roads or highways
pick the cotton to rice to indigo you
don't say I'm saying right nobody else
is here I working out there with you is
where we're white women they're minority
- they were in the house with the white
man they co-owned Co control Co
influence and Harry 100% of everything
the white man hey it ain't about gender
don't get confused by talking about
gender issues mission don't make the
gender with race with blacks a race is a
contest between white the white man in
the black man period but they were they
gonna try to confuse you about saying
well we got got the 14th amendment other
that's for everybody no it's not it was
for black folk the 13th 14th and the
15th the men were strictly for black
people
13 14 13th amendment and the civil
rights laws those civil rights laws were
strictly for black folk
as but again they dilute it down and
then concluding them and conclude now
they dilute it down by saying this that
after the Civil War after Civil War was
over the the North said we're gonna
bring in all these immigrants into the
country and and they don't want to go
south they want to go west and develop
the west and the south say yeah and and
enforce now the Civil War is over we're
gonna give amnesty to all the
Confederates soldiers and the only give
a message that they should be shot as
terrorists since it says the South
southern states Confederacy where we're
terrorists in America they should be
castrated lands for being terrorists for
having attacked this nation those same
red states at the same red states now
that voting at our back and Trump that's
the same considered they were the first
terrorists in America they still
terrorised in America still terrorizing
black folk but it's but instead of
punishing them they dead North says look
we're gonna give you back your land and
if you want the blacks you go ahead and
keep them keep them in the South in 1860
and that went and south so we need them
because even though we got the land back
we got back all the land after we after
we attacked the nation we got back
everything but the land is no good
unless we have a labor class and so the
North says no other whites say you can
have those blacks back again and he went
back he went into what we call Jim Crow
segregation or peonage on the Black
Codes it locked those blacks in the
semis slavery for another 100 years and
used them down there from 80 from 1860
up to 1960 and that and that's why
that's why when they came out they
should have gone after redistribute the
wealth and resources instead of messing
around with social integration civil
rights that's not gonna help black folk
your opportunities in America they find
about what you only control I want you
all to get as much money as you can get
my power lummox says that poor people
cannot help poor people y'all got to get
some money and resources and once you
get it didn't try to help your people in
the last point is don't learn about I
tell you that black folk erases a black
person cannot be a racist it's
impossible in theory and practice for a
black person of your racist just because
you focus on your own people doesn't
make you a racist a black person only a
white person their racist or a member of
the per
and controls all the wealth and
resources can be a racist that he can
use it to shut down enslave Jim Krause
aviate mistreat people no black person
in America has that kind of power they
do anything anybody
he cannot be a racist I don't think a
black person can be is a reactor the
white racist that's right all you do is
react some white folks have their day I
saw you I saw you on that morning show
with a breakfast club is shoot all the
more racist
it can't be raised to the M had a Polish
they came it can enslave white people
there's nothing you can do this wife
well I'm giving I believe y'all know
y'all too tough for me up here y'all
call me when you want me and outcome yes
sir
only think about is I said I have to
apologize I've had been in the hospital
three times this year and I had some
travellish time my balance is off my
weak in the legs
that's why can't negotiate too well and
but I came up because you all I hold
y'all was being special we appreciate so
much and what I like to do if y'all
don't mind and I apologize if it's if
it's something that you wouldn't wanna
do I'm gonna publicize across this
nation that The Breakfast Club I'd they
gonna push like hell to get these books
into these schools that say we don't
want just read white books let's do it
absent okay now can I do that yeah okay
so we gonna put this out I gotta go yes
the more time talking about you believe
me I love you
[Music]